worker: add `markAsUncloneable` api (#55234)
nodejs/node: doc/api/worker_threads.md

There is no equivalent to this API in browsers.

## `worker.markAsUncloneable(object)`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> * `object` {any} Any arbitrary JavaScript value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `object` {Object} Any non-primitive value.
```

> Mark an object as not cloneable. If `object` is used as [`message`](#event-message) in
> a [`port.postMessage()`][] call, an error is thrown. This is a no-op if `object` is a
> primitive value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mark an object as not cloneable. If `object` is used as [`message`](#event-message) in
a [`port.postMessage()`][], `DataCloneError` is thrown.
```

> Note, this does not take effect on `ArrayBuffer`, or any `Buffer` like objects.

Author: My understanding is `Buffer` like objects are from v8 and they have their own `SerializeDelegate` to handle the Serialization, so marking node's internal flag on or off will not have control over there.

> Note, this does not take effect on `ArrayBuffer`, or any `Buffer` like objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This has no effect on `ArrayBuffer`, or any `Buffer` like objects.
```

This operation cannot be undone.

```js
const { markAsUncloneable } = require('node:worker_threads');

const anyObject = { foo: 'bar' };
markAsUncloneable(anyObject);

> const { port1 } = new MessageChannel();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const { port } = new MessageChannel();
```

Reviewer 2: The original code is correct: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MessageChannel/port1.

> try {
>   // This will throw an error, because anyObject is not cloneable.
>   port1.postMessage(anyObject)
> } catch (error) {
>   // error.name === 'DataCloneError'
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
port1.postMessage(anyObject);
// throws DataCloneError
```

```

> There is no equivalent to this API in browsers.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Kept this to be consistent with `markAsUntransferable`
